TERMS OF SERVICE

Last updated: December 11, 2025

1. AGREEMENT TO TERMS

These Terms of Service constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity ("you") and Stat Wiz ("we," "us" or "our"), concerning your access to and use of the Stat Wiz application and website as well as any other media form, media channel, mobile website or mobile application related, linked, or otherwise connected thereto (collectively, the "Site").

You agree that by accessing the Site, you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by all of these Terms of Service. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, THEN YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM USING THE SITE AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY.

2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

Unless otherwise indicated, the Site is our proprietary property and all source code, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics on the Site (collectively, the "Content") and the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the "Marks") are owned or controlled by us or licensed to us, and are protected by copyright and trademark laws and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws of the United States, international copyright laws, and international conventions.

The Content and the Marks are provided on the Site "AS IS" for your information and personal use only. Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Service, no part of the Site and no Content or Marks may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission.

3. USER REPRESENTATIONS

By using the Site, you represent and warrant that:
(1) all registration information you submit will be true, accurate, current, and complete;
(2) you will maintain the accuracy of such information and promptly update such registration information as necessary;
(3) you have the legal capacity and you agree to comply with these Terms of Service;
(4) you are not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside;
(5) you will not access the Site through automated or non-human means, whether through a bot, script or otherwise;
(6) you will not use the Site for any illegal or unauthorized purpose;
(7) your use of the Site will not violate any applicable law or regulation.

If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof).

4. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES

You may not access or use the Site for any purpose other than that for which we make the Site available. The Site may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by us.

As a user of the Site, you agree not to:
- Systematically retrieve data or other content from the Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from us.
- Make any unauthorized use of the Site, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email, or creating user accounts by automated means or under false pretenses.
- Use the Site to advertise or offer to sell goods and services.
- Circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Site, including features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on the use of the Site and/or the Content contained therein.
- Engage in unauthorized framing of or linking to the Site.
- Trick, defraud, or mislead us and other users, especially in any attempt to learn sensitive account information such as user passwords.
- Make improper use of our support services or submit false reports of abuse or misconduct.
- Engage in any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to send comments or messages, or using any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
- Interfering with, disrupting, or creating an undue burden on the Site or the networks or services connected to the Site.
- Attempt to impersonate another user or person or use the username of another user.
- Sell or otherwise transfer your profile.
- Use any information obtained from the Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person.
- Use the Site as part of any effort to compete with us or otherwise use the Site and/or the Content for any revenue-generating endeavor or commercial enterprise.
- Decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Site.
- Attempt to bypass any measures of the Site designed to prevent or restrict access to the Site, or any portion of the Site.
- Harass, annoy, intimidate, or threaten any of our employees or agents engaged in providing any portion of the Site to you.
- Delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notice from any Content.
- Copy or adapt the Site’s software, including but not limited to Flash, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, or other code.
- Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) viruses, Trojan horses, or other material, including excessive use of capital letters and spamming (continuous posting of repetitive text), that interferes with any party’s uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the Site or modifies, impairs, disrupts, alters, or interferes with the use, features, functions, operation, or maintenance of the Site.
- Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats ("gifs"), 1x1 pixels, web bugs, cookies, or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as "spyware" or "passive collection mechanisms" or "pcms").
- Except as may be the result of standard search engine or Internet browser usage, use, launch, develop, or distribute any automated system, including without limitation, any spider, robot, cheat utility, scraper, or offline reader that accesses the Site, or using or launching any unauthorized script or other software.
- Disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in our opinion, us and/or the Site.
- Use the Site in a manner inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations.

5. MOBILE APPLICATION LICENSE

Use License
If you access the Site via a mobile application, then we grant you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to install and use the mobile application on wireless electronic devices owned or controlled by you, and to access and use the mobile application on such devices strictly in accordance with the terms and conditions of this mobile application license contained in these Terms of Service.

You shall not:
(1) decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, or decrypt the application;
(2) make any modification, adaptation, improvement, enhancement, translation, or derivative work from the application;
(3) violate any applicable laws, rules, or regulations in connection with your access or use of the application;
(4) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or trademark) posted by us or the licensors of the application;
(5) use the application for any revenue generating endeavor, commercial enterprise, or other purpose for which it is not designed or intended;
(6) make the application available over a network or other environment permitting access or use by multiple devices or users at the same time;
(7) use the application for creating a product, service, or software that is, directly or indirectly, competitive with or in any way a substitute for the application;
(8) use the application to send automated queries to any website or to send any unsolicited commercial e-mail;
(9) use any proprietary information or any of our interfaces or our other intellectual property in the design, development, manufacture, licensing, or distribution of any applications, accessories, or devices for use with the application.

Apple and Android Devices
The following terms apply when you use a mobile application obtained from either the Apple Store or Google Play (each an "App Distributor") to access the Site:
(1) the license granted to you for our mobile application is limited to a non-transferable license to use the application on a device that utilizes the Apple iOS or Android operating systems, as applicable, and in accordance with the usage rules set forth in the applicable App Distributor’s terms of service;
(2) we are responsible for providing any maintenance and support services with respect to the mobile application as specified in the terms and conditions of this mobile application license contained in these Terms of Service or as otherwise required under applicable law, and you acknowledge that each App Distributor has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the mobile application;
(3) in the event of any failure of the mobile application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify the applicable App Distributor, and the App Distributor, in accordance with its terms and policies, may refund the purchase price, if any, paid for the mobile application, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App Distributor will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the mobile application;
(4) you represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a "terrorist supporting" country and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
(5) you must comply with applicable third-party terms of agreement when using the mobile application, e.g., if you have a VoIP application, then you must not be in violation of their wireless data service agreement when using the mobile application;
(6) you acknowledge and agree that the App Distributors are third-party beneficiaries of the terms and conditions in this mobile application license contained in these Terms of Service, and that each App Distributor will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the terms and conditions in this mobile application license contained in these Terms of Service against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.

6. SUBMISSIONS

You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback, or other information regarding the Site ("Submissions") provided by you to us are non-confidential and shall become our sole property. We shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any lawful purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.

7. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND CONTENT

The Site may contain (or you may be sent via the Site) links to other websites ("Third-Party Websites") as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software, and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties ("Third-Party Content"). Such Third-Party Websites and Third-Party Content are not investigated, monitored, or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by us, and we are not responsible for any Third-Party Websites accessed through the Site or any Third-Party Content posted on, available through, or installed from the Site.

8. SITE MANAGEMENT

We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to:
(1) monitor the Site for violations of these Terms of Service;
(2) take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates the law or these Terms of Service, including without limitation, reporting such user to law enforcement authorities;
(3) in our sole discretion and without limitation, refuse, restrict access to, limit the availability of, or disable (to the extent technologically feasible) any of your Contributions or any portion thereof;
(4) in our sole discretion and without limitation, notice, or liability, to remove from the Site or otherwise disable all files and content that are excessive in size or are in any way burdensome to our systems;
(5) otherwise manage the Site in a manner designed to protect our rights and property and to facilitate the proper functioning of the Site.

9. PRIVACY POLICY

We care about data privacy and security. Please review our Privacy Policy: [Link to Privacy Policy]. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms of Service. Please be advised the Site is hosted in [Your Country].

10. TERM AND TERMINATION

These Terms of Service shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Site. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY, DENY ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE (INCLUDING BLOCKING CERTAIN IP ADDRESSES), TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR BREACH OF ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR COVENANT CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR USE OR PARTICIPATION IN THE SITE OR DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AND ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU POSTED AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT WARNING, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION.

11. MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONS

We reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of the Site at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without notice. However, we have no obligation to update any information on our Site. We also reserve the right to modify or discontinue all or part of the Site without notice at any time. We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, price change, suspension, or discontinuance of the Site.

12. GOVERNING LAW

These Terms shall be governed by and defined following the laws of [Your Country]. Stat Wiz and yourself irrevocably consent that the courts of [Your Country] shall have exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any dispute which may arise in connection with these terms.

13. DISPUTE RESOLUTION

Binding Arbitration
Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this contract, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by the International Commercial Arbitration Court under the European Arbitration Chamber (Belgium, Brussels, Avenue Louise, 146) according to the Rules of this ICAC, which, as a result of referring to it, is considered as the part of this clause.

14. CORRECTIONS

There may be information on the Site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions, including descriptions, pricing, availability, and various other information. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update the information on the Site at any time, without prior notice.

15. DISCLAIMER

THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND OUR SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

16. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

17. INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless, including our subsidiaries, affiliates, and all of our respective officers, agents, partners, and employees, from and against any loss, damage, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, made by any third party due to or arising out of: (1) use of the Site; (2) breach of these Terms of Service; (3) any breach of your representations and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service; (4) your violation of the rights of a third party, including but not limited to intellectual property rights; or (5) any overt harmful act toward any other user of the Site with whom you connected via the Site.

18. USER DATA

We will maintain certain data that you transmit to the Site for the purpose of managing the performance of the Site, as well as data relating to your use of the Site. Although we perform regular routine backups of data, you are solely responsible for all data that you transmit or that relates to any activity you have undertaken using the Site. You agree that we shall have no liability to you for any loss or corruption of any such data, and you hereby waive any right of action against us arising from any such loss or corruption of such data.

19. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, TRANSACTIONS, AND SIGNATURES

Visiting the Site, sending us emails, and completing online forms constitute electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications, and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing.

20. CONTACT US

In order to resolve a complaint regarding the Site or to receive further information regarding use of the Site, please contact us at:

Stat Wiz
Email: FBKDevelop@gmail.com
